Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how are you
Mark: I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Sorry, I was reading a little message or this won't take us very long, Mark, I just got to ask you some questions. It's we're going to complete your bio psychosocial so generally they take about 20 minutes or so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so the first question is, what made you decide to come to treatment and why now.
Mark: I'm basically I've
Mark: Been locked up a lot and it's time to be done with that I've done a lot of time I've done over I've served inside over 10 years my party, and I'm just fed up with it, basically.
Mark: It's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All drug related
Mark: Yeah. Well, I mean, it's all drag and made it over because I didn't have my pics are getting couple possessions and you know I got caught with a gun. When I was a kid, it was all. It all had to tie in with Rob so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and tell me a little bit about your history with drugs. What age were you when you first tried a drug or alcohol and what was it, and how did it progress from there.
Mark: You know monster SMOKING WEED WHEN I WAS 10 I mean I had maybe a couple sips of booze. Before that, you know, sneaky little shot of the parents stuff or whatever, but nothing big. Um,
Mark: When I was 10 I started smoking weed in my cousins and, you know, I really don't know when i was like 13 a ball around. I started
Mark: dabbling in pills and powders and then I i really like math and it hooked me and then I kind of it. You know, I mean, I just
Mark: I went off for a long time was about probably 1012 maybe 1314 years that I just math constant, you know, every day is if I wasn't locked up. I was doing math.
Mark: And then, and then I started mixing with heroin and I really started loving that was so I just, I started doing them all, every day, and that lasted almost five years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And then what happened.
Mark: And what pretty much just, you know, I've been through that whole time, it was locked up and locked up and in and out and just girlfriends, you know, whatever the whole, the whole nine just everything. It just needed to change after this
Mark: You know if this last taco another year. And I just got sick and we decided it was enough.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, for I'm going
Mark: On before like when I get out. It was just, I hit the block run and, you know, and you know, like it was a game to an economic were to catch me up on some board more bullshit. You know, because I was high and I didn't care. And I just got sick of that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well I'm glad you did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You. What was the worst point for you in your addiction.
Mark: Probably when I didn't have nothing. And I was still trying to you know what what little I did have are still trying to turn it off for drugs and, you know, I mean, I didn't have
Mark: Enough in their power and a trailer sleeping in. You know what I mean just just it was it was bad. And it didn't matter if it was mine or not. If I had something that was worth drugs that trade. It didn't matter from somebody else's not normally know
Mark: Pushing full card so to Walmart and stuff like that, you know, I mean, just to pay for my habit in the kitchen cases, you know,
Mark: I just got to be enough, man.
Mark: When you're paying you don't have nothing is still
Mark: Standing discounting. And it just got to be too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, um, any past substance abuse treatment.
Mark: I've had remains on their institutionalized, you know, never had him on the streets was all like an impatient be called an outpatient, but it was in custody.
Mark: You know, meet a couple hours a day, or whatever. And you know, I've had things like that. But it was never. It was never mind doing it was always
Mark: Probation courts. It was never. It was never my me wanting it. Basically it was I was forced upon me, and I just blew it off, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any mental health treatment.
Mark: No, I mean I had, I was, I was on like depression pills for a little while.
Mark: And then
Mark: You know, anxiety pills, a long time ago, but I didn't really have too much of that was about it was only for a little while.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, any past suicide attempts.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any ideas struggle with suicide thoughts.
Mark: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Homicide that's
Mark: When stressed out, you know, I mean, on my drug drug induced Hayes's whatever and you know I thought about it, but not every day, not, not, not now. I guess you can say, you know what I mean, I've had him in the past but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Suicidal thoughts or homicide that's
Mark: Why yeah not suicide homicide.
Mark: You know, people, you know,
Mark: Even if you want to kill him or her. So they do something wrong, you know, I've had him. Yes. Do I have no no, I've been good. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. Any past self harm like cutting your burning or anything like that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any medical, do you have anything medically going on physically with your body.
Mark: Will have a, I have called a alias Danilo syndrome.
Mark: It's the government's disease and medical college
Mark: Basically, as long as my skin's real sketchy. Some of my my tendons. They stretch out easy. I can just look at my job.
Mark: If I, if I if I fall to sound like a pop my shoulder or if I, you know, try to try to move something wrong. I could dislocate a hip or something you know it on my joints dislocate real easy. Sometimes I guess if I'm moving the wrong way they'll pop out but that's about it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and tell me a little bit about what your family dynamic was like growing up with your parents did your parents stay together. The whole time where you're adopted.
Mark: Was like for
Mark: You know, bounce back and forth been. I mean, I didn't. I stayed with my dad. But I'd go visit with my mom, you know,
Mark: Mainly, Stephen. My dad, though the whole time after that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Did they have any addiction issues or mental health issues, your mom and your dad.
Mark: Oh, my dad smoke weed a lot, but he had medical problems a lot of surgeries and stuff. So like towards the end, he ended up getting like rule of thumb on pills medical bills painful things like that. He was mainly it was just leave when I was growing up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and both of your parents are alive right now.
Mark: Well, my mom. My mom who I my dad died seven years ago.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, um, let's see if you have any siblings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. How many siblings. Yeah.
Mark: I have a whole bunch with stepbrothers and stepsisters and step family or whatever. I believe there's like 11 or 12 of us earlier.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's a big family.
Mark: Well, my mom got married and my dad got married and they both had kids to bring in. So, um, there was
Mark: Four of us, growing up in in my mom had another kid when she got remarried and then they had a couple. There was a couple step kids there you know you know what everyone call them and then my
Mark: Dad got remarried and she had a couple kids do. So, which is, you know, made the family bigger default, but there was three of us, growing up or four of us all together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you close with your siblings.
Mark: Yeah, actually I am I'm real close one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All 11 of them, or just certain ones.
Mark: It's pretty much every one of them.
Good.
Mark: Ones. I haven't talked to him on. I'm still we still got a close relationship gnosis. We have been in contact couple of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, okay. And the next part is going back a little bit further to go into school your school time did you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: graduate high school, did you have any learning disabilities through school.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Were you bullied in school.
Mark: Or no, I didn't graduate. I got my GED. When I was locked up. I turned 18 you know I got like i said i got caught with a gun.
Mark: And they they kind of force you to get your GED. Why was an institution. So I got that I might I was 10th grade dropout. I just didn't like school
Mark: Um, I did have an attempt at college, but at the same time I did when I was 18 I got caught with a pistol and I will their own my college, I was in college for building for a while.
Mark: You know, I don't know. I really haven't had anything sense. But no, I was, I had when I went to school. I did pretty good. But I didn't really like it. I was bored. A lot. So I didn't like going
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable. Um, any current
Mark: Anyone
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any current legal stuff.
Mark: No, I'm, I'm all good. I don't even have probation right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And can you just kind of give me a little bit of rundown of your legal past legal stuff.
Mark: I got a little bit. Everything we are garden.
Mark: Testimony vehicles being opportunities.
Mark: Burglary charges. I got a lot of drug charges theft charges.
Mark: I got caught with a pistol. And I said, oh, from professional
Mark: And that basically about it. Most of its drug related. Oh, like I said,
Mark: But I've had a
Mark: On what like security burglaries that was mainly there was no home invasions, or no, no gap was there was a
Mark: Via
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Um, let's see any financial stressors right now.
Mark: Yeah, I'm broke. I had no money. I'm trying to get a job, but it's you know are going
Mark: gets tough. Yeah, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, anything else that you think is important that we know about you.
Mark: Know,
Mark: Like, what would you want to know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything that that I missed that. I didn't touch on that you think is important that we know about you.
Mark: Know really pretty much pretty much got it on
Mark: Secret of all just sick of that live from doing what I can to change it, you know.
Mark: I actually, I actually just registered for a pod around here and I'm today I'm moving into a. Are you from around here. Notice area because and see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you at,
Mark: Me Chris Heston city know
Mark: Moving into a without a sober living house. I just moved into their today. I'm just moving process right now, actually.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Really good.
Mark: I registered for at yesterday. I'm gonna start my treatment. I gotta do my treatment plan next Tuesday. But yeah, pretty much.
Mark: Like I said, I'm not on probation or nothing. So this is on my doing. I mean, it's not sure
Mark: I'm doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, tell me what made you decide to move into sober living
Mark: Morals to go. The only places that I that I had that that I could go will would simply right back into the bullshit.
Mark: You
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know sober living
Mark: Absolutely. Me too. I mean, I'm more than welcome. And that pretty much anywhere in town around here, but they're all you know what I mean by next week, I'll be pushing carts, or the Walmart again. And I'm not trying to do all that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good. And while you're in treatment what tell me some things that you would like to work on why you're in treatment.
Mark: On Premise I'm
Mark: Pretty much doing it, I guess I'm trying to work on getting
Mark: A good group of people. You don't mean I've only been been around sober people and I'm trying to trying to do that. I'm trying to get a job and trying to get on place. I mean, that's
Mark: My sobriety off all that so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're doing, you're doing all the right steps, you know that right
Mark: Yes, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Very much so. I just want to give you credit for that because you really, really are. What about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your mind or feelings, or are there anything personally that you think that you could benefit working on while you're engaged in treatment.
Mark: Not really.
Mark: Don't know. I mean, I'm pretty much like my my Muslims and stuff are pretty much where they're at, I guess, and I'm
Mark: Because I'm so set on being sober. This time, I know I've got a whole different outlook on ship, you know, the relationships, all that. Um, no. I got a different perspective of it this time that I always have
Mark: My notes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, well, you know, going to group and engaging in the map program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On a weekly basis is really good, and they try to encourage everybody to engage in some individual therapy as well. And that's why I was asking, Are there anything you know that you can think of communication skills.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: relapse prevention skills codependency emotion regulation, anything that you can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Think about that. You might need.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Besides what we doing group.
Mark: That
Does
Mark: Not know okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I'm
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Huh.
Mark: It'd be something I could think about, I guess what I don't really know offhand, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right. What do you think about that and maybe next group that we're in group together on Monday, right. We're in group Monday.
Mark: Yeah. Monday morning.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, maybe you could think about it over the weekend and then we can come up with some ideas for your treatment planning and figure out some things that that you'd like to work on while you're engaged with us. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sounds like a plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and we can definitely what we do in group. You know what I mean is one area of it. If there is things in, you know, in your life that you haven't been able to get through.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any abuse in your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Any type of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Childhood trauma that you can think of in your life.
Mark: With my parents getting divorced and I'm kind of, you know, struck me when I was kid. But that was a little kid. Take that hard, you know,
Mark: Yeah, I understand it now, but when I was a kid, kind of know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, we'll explore it more. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was pretty painless, because we're done.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you Monday in group.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And hopefully, between now and then maybe you can think about things that you'd like to work on why you're engaged to bribe her. You might as well, you know, think about things that you need. You can definitely build up on you know you're doing a great job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With your recovery and making the right choices and, you know, moving into sober living is huge. That's a big decision and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And and I commend you for that, you know, very much so. So keep up the good work. Mark and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you in group on Monday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: OK, I will talk to you then have a great weekend.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You. Bye.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Bye.